Arcsight login fix (#13087)
demisto/content: Packs/ArcSightLogger/ReleaseNotes/1_0_4.md

#### Integrations
##### ArcSight Logger

> - Fix an issue where a successful logout would return "logout failed" when logout succeeded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where a successful logout would return the message "logout failed" when the logout was successful.
```
